Fix #291: New Rule: no_import (#299)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/no_import.md

# No import

(since [3.0.0](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/3.0.0))

`import` attributes should not be used.
The benefits of not writing fully-qualified names for some functions are largely

> outweighed by the complexity that this introduces when trying to debug the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outweighed by the complexity that using `import` introduces when trying to debug
code.
```
